Update job-scheduler.md (#6676)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/job-scheduler.md

The scheduler enables both cron-based and event-driven execution of dbt commands in the user’s data platform. Specifically, it handles:

- Cron-based execution of dbt Cloud jobs that run on a predetermined cadence

> - Event-driven execution of dbt Cloud jobs that run based on the completion of another job

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Event-driven execution of dbt Cloud jobs that [run based on the completion of another job ([trigger on job completion](/docs/deploy/deploy-jobs#trigger-on-job-completion))
```

> - Event-driven execution of dbt Cloud jobs that [run based on the completion of another job ([trigger on job completion](/docs/deploy/deploy-jobs#trigger-on-job-completion))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Event-driven execution of dbt Cloud jobs that run based on the completion of another job ([trigger on job completion](/docs/deploy/deploy-jobs#trigger-on-job-completion))
```

> - Event-driven execution of dbt Cloud CI jobs triggered by pull requests to the dbt repo (e.g. "merge jobs")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Event-driven execution of dbt Cloud CI jobs triggered by pull requests to the dbt repo ([merge jobs](/docs/deploy/merge-jobs))
```

- Event-driven execution of dbt Cloud jobs triggered by API

> - Event-driven execution of dbt Cloud jobs manually triggered by a user to "Run Now"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Event-driven execution of dbt Cloud jobs manually triggered by a user to **Run now**
```

The scheduler enables both cron-based and event-driven execution of dbt commands in the user’s data platform. Specifically, it handles:

- Cron-based execution of dbt Cloud jobs that run on a predetermined cadence
- Event-driven execution of dbt Cloud jobs that run based on the completion of another job ([trigger on job completion](/docs/deploy/deploy-jobs#trigger-on-job-completion))

> - Event-driven execution of dbt Cloud CI jobs triggered by pull requests to the dbt repo ([merge jobs](/docs/deploy/merge-jobs))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Event-driven execution of dbt Cloud CI jobs triggered when a pull request is merged to the branch ([merge jobs](/docs/deploy/merge-jobs))
```
